OK, so first things first, I'm sure that you actually just recognize right now that your she looks
a little bit different than mine.
Maybe I'll actually update yours in the near future.
But you actually see that and what mine actually does have these unique versions over here.
So I'll just actually be referring to these as we're going through these problems.
The first the first problem and the third problem.
We're going to do these together.
And then the second problem and the fourth problem, I'm going to invite that you do those on your own.
So let's start with the first problem over here, which is 50 kilograms.
And once again, we're actually going to go from kilograms to number of pounds.
So the very first thing is we're just going to write this out like this.
Just write down or 50 kilograms.
We could do the division of one over here as well.
And so we won't go from kilograms to number of pounds.
So none of these first effects over here give us what we want.
So we do have kilograms over here and we do have no pounds.
And if we actually just remember this over here, we do have a thousand grams is equal to one kilogram.
But if we're going to go from kilograms to number of pounds, would we rather use this fact or this
vector over here?
And once again, just kind of just going through these other ones and just saying, hey, you want none
of those actually have to do with kilograms either.
So none of those actually will help us out doing this problem.
But which one of these two would it make sense for us to actually use?
Hopefully by now you're actually saying this one, because we're actually going from kilograms to number
of pounds.
So we will be using this fact to help us out.
So on the top over here, we do have kilograms.
And so therefore on the bomb, we want kilograms to help us out with this unit cancellation.
And how many kilograms is it?
Well, it's one kilogram is equal to two point two pounds.
OK, so our units will cancel out.
We're trying to get our pounds and we have pounds over here.
So therefore that's indicated to us that that we're done with this problem.
And once we type, once we actually get this into our calculator, we do 50 times the two point two
pounds and we'll get 110 pounds.
And once again, it's basically just telling us that 50 kilograms is equal to 110 pounds.
If you notice over here, I actually do have the answers and I give them to you.
And you might be saying to yourself, hey, wait a minute, why are you giving us the answers to these
problems?
And the entire point of this is to actually see how you get to the answer, not the idea that, hey,
and what you can actually just point this through this and be like, hey, you know what?
That's my answer and that's my answer.
And that's my answer.
No, it's how do you get to that answer?
And this is a very common practice.
Where in the back of your textbooks, I'm not sure if kids these days actually do have textbooks anymore.
I know that a lot of these are actually online, but a lot of the times answers, for instance, are
given to you and all of your other different subjects.
So for me to actually be giving me the answers here, it's how and what how did you get to it?
Were you able to plug these two numbers into the calculator and actually get the idea that's 10, 110
pounds?
And hopefully you're saying to yourself, yes, OK, so once again, I am going to actually invite you
to do this on your own.
But I'm just going to jump ahead and actually go to problem number three right now.
So we have zero point two five kilograms and we're going to be multiplying this by hand.
What are a raft that I already know that I want to be canceling out or kilograms.
So we have kilograms down here.
I already know that that's going to be the case because the entire point of this is to actually be canceling
our units.
So we want to be going from kilograms to number of grams.
And once again, when we go through our bags over here, we do see that, hey, we have kilograms over
here.
And once again, the idea that a thousand grams is equal to one kilogram.
So we have kilograms over here as well.
And none of these other factors actually have to do it with kilograms.
So does it make sense for us to actually use this one or this one right one right here?
So hopefully by now you're actually saying, hey, Norway, it does have to do with kilograms and grams.
And the idea is that we convert this to number of grams.
So how many kilograms is that?
It's one kilogram is equal to, what, a thousand?
Gramp's.
Our units will cancel it out.
We're going from kilogrammes to grammes and we actually have Grahame's over here indicating to us that
we're done with this problem.
When we played this in the calculator, we do two point twenty five times a thousand.
And once again, plug this in the calculator, make sure that you actually get the sensor, not just
looking over here and saying, oh, I got it.
Now plug this in the calculator, make sure you get 250 grams.
And that's going to be the best way for you to practice this.
So zero point two, five times a thousand.
And we will get the idea that that's equal to 250.
And what are the units?
It's grammes.
All right, so once again, just pause this video and try to do proms two and four by herself and unpause
the video and we'll do these problems together to make sure that you got them right and for you to check
to see that you got it right.
Hopefully you plug it into the calculator and get these answers.
So plus this video now and in a second will actually come back here and continue this video.
OK, so hopefully you actually did pass the video, you tried it on your own, I'm just going to go
through these two problems right now and we have 100 feet.
Well, let's first erase this so we have 100 feet multiplied by our unit conversion.
And we already know that we want feet down here in the bottom for the cancellation and which one of
these has to do with feet, we want go from feet to meters.
Let's keep that in mind.
So we have feet over here, feet over here, feet over here for you over here.
But only one of these actually has to do with meters.
And that's this one over here.
We could say to ourselves, hey, we need to check the rest of these over here because we already have
feet and meters.
That's a good indicator to us that we have our dock that we're going to be using.
So how many feet is it?
Oh, it's three point twenty eight feet is equal to what?
Oh, that's equal to one meter.
So we're going to do our cancelations over here.
We have to cancel out the feet over here and we're going from feet to meters and we have meters on top
over here indicating to us and what we're done with this problem.
All we have to do is play this in the calculator and make sure that we get our answer.
So we do in the calculator once again, 100 times one.
Well, you don't really need to do that and divide that by that three point twenty eight.
And that's the way you plug it into the calculator.
Once again, I'm just using the parentheses to explicitly define that.
That's it just helps us out to finding that that's what we want our calculator.
So when we do this, we actually do get our thirty point five meters.
And once again, our thirty point five meters is equal to our hundred feet.
And that's what that means.
OK, so hopefully you got that, if not, that's OK and let's just go into the next problem.
So ideally by now, these concepts are actually getting more and more clear to you.
If they're not, I would actually just go back and actually watch this video, as was the previous video,
and just make sure that these concepts are clicking because once again, these problems will get more
complex.
And it's very important that you actually do understand the basics before moving on to those problems.
All right.
So without further delay, let's actually go into the next problem, which is eight eighty nine hundred
millimeters.
Times our conversion factor, and we already know that we're going to be wanting to cancel our MM.
So therefore we want the MMS on the bottom like that.
And which one of these actually has to deal with MMS.
Let's actually just look at them and we do see as we're going down, going down and we do see our MMS
over here, that's the only one that does and that has to do with meters.
And we are converting from meters to I'm sorry, from.
Mm mm.
So it does make a lot of sense that we'd be using this fact.
So how many MMS is it.
Hopefully by now you're saying, oh it's a thousand.
MMS is equal to what.
It's equal to one meter.
Once again, our units do cancel out and we're left with meters.
We're going from MMS to meters and we have meters on the top over here giving us the indication that
we are also done with this problem.
When we do this division over here, we do get the answer of eight point nine meters and basically just
telling us that eighty nine hundred MMS is equal to eight point nine meters.